<h1 align="center" style="font-weight: bold">
    NOTICE
</h1>

This project is a derivative of multiple repositories, and one of them is [cloudflare-worker-github-oauth-login](https://github.com/gr2m/cloudflare-worker-github-oauth-login). Now, the said repository is licensed with ISC license.

Now, the said license is incompatible with most of the repositories I derived this project from, as they are licensed with MIT license. And so, I raised an issue on the said repository to ask the permission of the repository's author, [Gregor Martynus](https://github.com/gr2m), for me to re-license the fork of his project which can be seen here: [[Relicensed fork?](https://github.com/gr2m/cloudflare-worker-github-oauth-login/issues/13)].

Now, while I am waiting for the said author to reply to the issue I raised, I went ahead and made it so that the changes I have done on my derivative is now licensed under the MIT license and the license agreement is then written on `docs/LICENSE.md`, while everything that I haveve got from the said repository is still licensed under the original license, ISC license, but the license agreement is now written on `docs/NOTICE.md`. This is as per advice of [an answer](https://opensource.stackexchange.com/a/12557) to an [Open Source Stack Exchange question](https://opensource.stackexchange.com/q/12454).

But now that the author had approved my request of re-licensing this fork with MIT license, everything is now licensed under MIT.

The previous commits where the fork is still licensed under the ISC license shall now be licensed under the MIT license. When copying the said previous commits, the license agreement that shall be used is provided below:

- **Plain Text**

```txt
MIT LICENSE

Copyright for portions of project gh-oa-cf-wk(https://github.com/whinee/gh-oa-cf-wk) are held by [Github Account whinee(https://github.com/whinee) Owner, 2022] as part of project cf-worker(https://github.com/whinee/cf-worker), [Github Account ashley williams(https://github.com/[ashleygwilliams) Owner, 2015] as part of project [worker-template](https://github.com/cloudflare/worker-template), [Github Account HaxSam(https://github.com/HaxSam) Owner, 2022] as part of project kv-storage-api(https://github.com/HaxSam/kv-storage-api), and by [Github Account Gregor Martynus(https://github.com/gr2m) Owner, 2019] as part of project cloudflare-worker-github-oauth-login(https://github.com/gr2m/cloudflare-worker-github-oauth-login).

All other copyright for project [gh-oa-cf-wk](https://github.com/whinee/gh-oa-cf-wk) is held by [Github Account whinee(https://github.com/whinee) Owner, 2022].

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

- **Markdown**

```md
<h1 align="center" style="font-weight: bold">
    <a target="_blank" href="https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/">MIT LICENSE</a>
</h1>


Copyright for portions of project [gh-oa-cf-wk](https://github.com/whinee/gh-oa-cf-wk) are held by [Github Account [whinee](https://github.com/whinee) Owner, 2022] as part of project [cf-worker](https://github.com/whinee/cf-worker), [Github Account [ashley williams](https://github.com/[ashleygwilliams) Owner, 2015] as part of project [worker-template](https://github.com/cloudflare/worker-template), [Github Account [HaxSam](https://github.com/HaxSam) Owner, 2022] as part of project [kv-storage-api](https://github.com/HaxSam/kv-storage-api), and by [Github Account [Gregor Martynus](https://github.com/gr2m) Owner, 2019] as part of project [cloudflare-worker-github-oauth-login](https://github.com/gr2m/cloudflare-worker-github-oauth-login).

All other copyright for project [gh-oa-cf-wk](https://github.com/whinee/gh-oa-cf-wk) is held by [Github Account [whinee](https://github.com/whinee) Owner, 2022].

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```